now here's something else that you can
transform from trash into something you
might treasure it's an old chopstick you
probably have tons of chopsticks in your
junk drawer at home probably from when
you get all that Chinese food takeout
but you save them but don't know quite
what to do with them well you can
actually make them into coasters for
your table it couldn't be easier you
need a bunch of chopsticks so make sure
you eat a lot of Chinese takeout before
doing this project you don't want to
just grab them and snap them in half
because it's gonna be kind of a mess
you'll have little shards everywhere and
it's a little unpredictable you just
want to score them this is just
gardening shears I use these for cutting
like plants and vines when I'm in the
garden but I find that they're sharp
enough to get a nice clean score all the
way around so I just want to find the
middle point of the chopstick I think
it's about right here score it twist it
score it and you can see there's a bit
of a score mark right here and that's
where it's gonna snap in half watch this
perfect now to put them all together I
want to show you these beautiful spools
of string right here these aren't cotton
string at all this is hemp twine it's an
eco-friendly choice but it's also one
and a half times stronger than cotton so
you want to get just a piece of string
about two and a half feet long you take
the chopstick and you put it in the
middle you're creating these knots to
hold all the chopsticks together and you
want to do it as tightly as possible you
want this to be really snug okay so the
first ones attached you just want to
keep adding and when you're done with it
you're gonna have a brand new coaster
okay so I've just finished a second row
on this coaster I'm really happy with
the results and you can see just how
tight it is how professional it almost
looks like you put it in a store so you
can imagine this on your dining room
table now and you've got your morning
cup of coffee and you just place it on
top and it's protected and it's
beautiful and you recycled something
trash to something completely useful
healthy living now as a new home where
you can get fresh ideas entertaining
content and practical tips to help you
squeeze the most out of life lime
healthy living with a twist